you know I've never been a very good
cook I need I can make a mean scrambled
a into my mac and cheese oh and I gotta
say I'm basically a wizard with the
microwave but I've come to realize
that's not good enough I need to learn
how to cook I really want to step up my
game and creative culinary confection
perfections I want to bake things so
today how many stepping out of my
comfort zone I can learn how to bake
today with baking simulator 2014 you
there's no 2015 there's no 2015 let's go
oh look at this beautiful view oh this
is lovely this is this is lovely
ok how do we control
but look at those sausage fingers okay
how do we control this how to bake a
cake I'm sure we can figure this out as
we go so what we have here would it be
out there
sweet sweet sugar we got some eggs we
got our Bowl we got Wow and we got a
stick a stick of butter let's start by
adding some sugar okay how do we control
the hand I want my left hand gotta get
just gotta get the sugar it's gotta get
the sugar come to me oh my god I got it
now we need to get it to the ball slowly
but surely look at that view
I'm still just really impressed by this
view right now I don't need the whole
bag oh now we're gonna fish it out of
this bowl
okay gentle how am i grabbing a bowl
from the inside that doesn't make no
sense
oh my okay drop pop lock we're just
gonna flip this whole thing up we're
just gonna flip this whole thing over
we're gonna separate these two the
old-fashioned way what I get oh my gosh
that word okay now how do I get the
sugar in Oh No okay looks like oh oh
maybe no don't know
ever you do don't knock the ball off do
I have the ball I hope see your mom is
gonna kill me that was mom's favorite
Bowl restart second time is a charm you
know they say got my sausage fingers
ready to go how will we start off with
something a little less fragile like
eggs slow and steady wins the race you
put the lime in the coconut you put the
egg in the bowl
hey just baked itself I'm pretty good I
at least I don't have the bacon
Wingardium Leviosa
it's Leviosa I'm not let me go song okay
I got it
I got the goods the Falcon has the egg
Falcon has the a black snake we are over
the drop zone are we clear to drop yes
silver eagle you are clear to make the
drop I repeat you are clear to make the
drop yes we have a few casualties that's
okay sugar we need again better play
nice this time sugar gently gently crap
the sugar shit just spend the hand move
it over and retract I have the sugar oh
honey honey I have it it's all come down
to this moment okay it's so yeah the
sugar is definitely in the bowl I have
an idea things could get messy okay
really oh okay
compose yourself now here Matthew goes
he's going to pour 100 grams of sugar
into the bowl flawlessly with six grams
and counting 13 grams shake that sugar
matthew is quickly approaching the 100
grand mark will he do it will he do it a
little bit more little bit more little
bit more little bit oh my gosh this is
like filling up your car with gas I'm so
close done with this sugar I want this
sugar Adam I say sugar you're gonna get
a timeout you don't get to sit with the
rest of the mixing ingredients you
a little bit of a timeout over here
you're just gonna have to sit there
think about what you've just done and
we'll talk in in 15 minutes or so
butters looking awfully friendly I see
it but how about we give this a go I'm
just gonna put my hand on it
okay butter we're going on it we're
going on a little trip okay we're just
gonna wiggle it over here I have the
butter Houston I have the butter I'm
still astonished at how beautiful the
day it is outside it is absolutely
gorgeous we've got a hundred and two
grams of sugar in the bowl too and a few
eggs in the bowl can we do the bugger
yes we can I just want to take this time
to tell you guys if there is something
in life you want to accomplish you can
do it if you want to put butter in a
bowl you can do it if you want to crack
two eggs and put them in a bowl you can
do it sugar you probably can't do sugar
is actually really really tough to get
in the bowl so sugar I just leave the
sugar but anything else you can do it
we've got we've got one last thing flour
do I have it
oh my gosh I'm getting so good at this
he raised our glass to those who have
baked before us hundred grams the flour
it's coming in fast and furious oh my oh
oh I really overdid that one some sort
of spring-loaded counter or something
will just set you back in the counter
and you just pop right back into place
okay sugar your timeout is over you're
allowed to come back and
sugar just disappear this is what it's
all come down to so we're gonna use it
oh go grab the bowl grab the bowl flip
it flip it
oh my gosh I might have just screwed up
this whole operation all the ingredients
are still in the bowl pinto in the oven
okay let's let's let's put Bowl in via
that should be edible yes i slaved over
that bowl making that cake of course
it's edible I got a score of would 75
I suppose that's good well I would say
that that's a mission accomplished
I've got my cake of bacon in the oven I
cleaned off my countertops and I still
have this lovely gorgeous view outside I
still can't get over that look at all
these palm tree anyways guys that's it
for this week's video if you enjoyed it
don't forget to hit that handshake
button thumb sticking up love it when
you hit that tell your friends tell your
mom tell your dog tell your goldfish as
always thank you guys for watching this
video and I will talk to y'all next
Saturday oh dang it
and oh I just oh I really messed this up
it no it looks like I peed my pants I
didn't pee my pants
its water this cup is obviously
defective that looks like a peed my
pants
Oh piss